chore: add notes & troubleshooting for email with CNAMEs (#1297)
ory/docs: docs/guides/custom-domains.mdx

   want to use the root domain.
3. The value, which is provided by us. Check the value provided in the form (detailed in the first step of this article) to know
   what this should be for your project.

> ## Automated Emails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automated emails
```

sentence case in headlines 🙏

The Ory Network sends emails for certain actions a user can take, for example
[account recovery](./../kratos/self-service/flows/account-recovery-password-reset.mdx) or
[address verification](./../kratos/self-service/flows/verify-email-account-activation.mdx). Since most email providers take
measures against spam and phishing attacks, for example "fake" link campaigns, it is advised to only link to domains that match
the sender of the email.

> However, when using a custom domain in the Ory Network but no custom SMTP server, links inside the automated Ory Identities emails
> won't match the domain these emails were sent from. For example the address verification link will point to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when using a custom domain in the Ory Network without a custom SMTP server, links inside the automated Ory Identities emails
won't match the domain these emails were sent from. For example the address verification link will point to
```

`ory.your-custom-domain.com`, but the email was sent from the default Ory Network email sender domain (e.g.
`courier-eu.oryapis.com`). Some email providers, such as Gmail, might interpret this as a phishing attack and mark the email as
spam, or block it entirely.

> To prevent this, it is advised to also configure a custom SMTP server, that matches at least the top-level domain (TLD) of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this configure a custom SMTP server, that matches at least the top-level domain (TLD) of your
```

What did you mean by "also" here? in addition to the CNAME?
